---
layout: entry
title:  "Extending-Object Nodon"
category: object
order: 8
quote: It's dead simple, boss.<br />Use me, and I can stretch out any object!
---
<h1>Port</h1>
<h2>Input</h2>
<table class="wrapped">
  <colgroup>
    <col />
    <col />
    <col />
  </colgroup>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>Port name</th>
      <th>Port function</th>
      <th>Input operation</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Port name"><span>X</span></td>
      <td label="Port function">
        <p>Stretches or contracts objects that extend along the x-axis, according to input received at this port.<br /><br />An input of 0.00 will cause the object to remain at the size specified by the size value.<br />A positive input will cause the object to lengthen, but the lengthening is capped at<br />10 meters.<br />A minus input will cause the object contract as far as zero meters.<br /><br />Measured in meters.</p>
      </td>
      <td label="Input operation"><span>Restricted to between -10.00 and 10.00.</span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Port name"><span>Y</span></td>
      <td label="Port function">
        <p>Stretches or contracts objects that extend along the y-axis, according to input received at this port.<br /><br />An input of 0.00 will cause the object to remain at the size specified by the size value.<br />A positive input will cause the object to lengthen, but the lengthening is capped at<br />10 meters.<br />A minus input will cause the object contract as far as zero meters.<br /><br />Measured in meters.</p>
      </td>
      <td label="Input operation"><span>Restricted to between -10.00 and 10.00.</span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Port name"><span>Z</span></td>
      <td label="Port function">
        <p>Stretches or contracts objects that extend along the z-axis, according to input received at this port.<br /><br />An input of 0.00 will cause the object to remain at the size specified by the size value.<br />A positive input will cause the object to lengthen, but the lengthening is capped at<br />10 meters.<br />A minus input will cause the object contract as far as zero meters.<br /><br />Measured in meters.</p>
      </td>
      <td label="Input operation"><span>Restricted to between -10.00 and 10.00.</span></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<h2>Output</h2>
<p>None</p>
<h2>Connection</h2>
<table class="wrapped">
  <colgroup>
    <col />
    <col />
  </colgroup>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>Port name</th>
      <th>Port function</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Port name"><span>Lower connection port</span></td>
      <td label="Port function">
        <p>This is a special type of port that physically links objects generated by Nodon on the game screen. Connect it to the upper connection port of another Nodon to link them.<br><br>Person Nodon, Car Nodon, UFO Nodon, Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, Rotating-Object Nodon, Head Nodon, and Hand Nodon can physically connect to this Nodon only with the upper connection port.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<h1>Settings</h1>
<h2>Object Shape</h2>
<p>Sets the shape.<br />You can choose from Box, Cylinder, or Sphere.</p>
<h2>Properties</h2>
<p>Sets the properties of objects.</p>
<p>Can Be Grabbed by Hand Nodon? can be enabled or disabled.<br />Visible is always enabled.<br />Solid, Movable, Destructive, and Destructible are always disabled.<br />Play Sound When Hit/Destroyed? is always set to Don't play.</p>
<p>See also: <a href="/nodopedia/tips/properties">About Properties</a></p>
<h2>Color</h2>
<p>Sets the color.</p>
<table class="wrapped">
  <colgroup>
    <col />
    <col />
  </colgroup>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>
        <p>Setting value</p>
      </th>
      <th>
        <p>Description</p>
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td label="Setting value"><span>Blue<br />Red<br />Green<br />Yellow<br />Light blue<br />Pink<br />Lime green<br />Orange<br />Purple<br />Brown<br />White<br />Black</span></td>
      <td label="Description"><span>Changes the color as specified.</span></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<h2>Connection Point</h2>
<p>Sets how the objects physically connect to each other. A connection point is defined based on an object's face.</p>
<table class="wrapped">
  <colgroup>
    <col />
    <col />
  </colgroup>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>
        <p>Setting value</p>
      </th>
      <th>
        <p>Description</p>
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td label="Setting value"><span>Auto</span></td>
      <td label="Description"><span>Chooses the closest connection points of the objects automatically based on factors such as location, orientation, and size of the objects.</span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Setting value"><span>Manual</span></td>
      <td label="Description"><span>The objects will be joined by the faces set in the Own Connection Point and Target Connection Point options.</span></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<h2>Own Connection Point</h2>
<p>The face indicated on this object will join to the face indicated in the Target Connection Point option.<br />You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br />Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.</p>
<h2>Target Connection Point</h2>
<p>The face indicated on the target object will join to the face indicated in the Own Connection Point option.<br />You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br />Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.</p>
<h2>Size</h2>
<p>Sets the size of an object.<br />When the object's shape is set to Box, you'll be able to set the X, Y, and Z<br />dimensions separately.<br />When the object's shape is set to Cylinder, the ratio between X and Z will be fixed, but their ratios to Y can be adjusted.<br />When the object's shape is set to Sphere, the ratio between X, Y, and Z will be fixed.<br /><br />X, Y, and Z can be set to between 0.10 and 10.00. Measured in meters.</p>
<h2>Position</h2>
<p>Determines the position of the object at the time of game start or after a reset.<br />X, Y, and Z can each be set to between -100.00 and 100.00.<br />Measured in meters.</p>
<h2>Rotation</h2>
<p>Sets the orientation of the object at game start or after a reset.<br />The X, Y, and Z axes can each be set between -180.00° and 180.00°.</p>