---
layout: entry
title:  "Hinge-Connector Nodon"
category: object
order: 24
quote: Oh my! What a day for dancing...<br />Let's get some objects twirling and spinning!
---
<h1>Port</h1>
<h2>Input</h2>
<table class="wrapped">
  <colgroup>
    <col />
    <col />
    <col />
  </colgroup>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>Port name</th>
      <th>Port function</th>
      <th>Input operation</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Port name"><span>Rotation amount</span></td>
      <td label="Port function">
        <p>The object will rotate by an angle according to the value of the input received.<br />Measured in degrees (°).<br />The rotational force will be applied to any objects connected to it, above<br />or below.<br /><br />If nothing is connected to this port, the object's angle won't be fixed.</p>
      </td>
      <td label="Input operation"><span>When Range is set to between -180.00 and 180.00: Loops between -180.00 and 180.00.<br /><br />Other Range settings: Restricted to set range.</span></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<h2>Output</h2>
<p>None</p>
<h2>Connection</h2>
<table class="wrapped">
  <colgroup>
    <col />
    <col />
  </colgroup>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>
        <p>Port name</p>
      </th>
      <th>
        <p>Port function</p>
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td label="Port name"><span>Upper connection port</span></td>
      <td label="Port function">
        <p>Connect this port to the lower connection port of another Nodon to physically link objects.<br>
        <br>You can have both the upper and lower connected objects rotate around the same axis.<br>
        <br>Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, and Rotating-Object Nodon can connect to this connection port only with their lower connection ports.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Port name"><span>Lower connection port</span></td>
      <td label="Port function">
        <p>This is a special type of port that physically links objects generated by Nodon on the game screen. Connect it to the upper connection port of another Nodon to link them.<br>
        <br>You can have both the upper and lower connected objects rotate around the same axis.<br>
        <br>Person Nodon, Car Nodon, UFO Nodon, Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, and Rotating-Object Nodon can connect to this connection port only with the upper connection port.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<h1>Settings</h1>
<h2>Axis of Rotation</h2>
<p>Sets the axis around which objects can rotate.<br />You can choose from X, Y, or Z.</p>
<h2>Range</h2>
<p>Sets the range that the object can rotate through. Measured in degrees (°).<br />You can set the range between -180.00 and 180.00.</p>
<h2>Position</h2>
<p>Determines the position of the object at the time of game start or after a reset.<br />X, Y, and Z can each be set to between -100.00 and 100.00.<br />Measured in meters.</p>