---
layout: entry
title:  "Location-Sensor Nodon"
category: object
order: 17
quote: Hello! If you want to know the position<br />of an object, call on me!
---
<h1>Port</h1>
<h2>Input</h2>
<p>None</p>
<h2>Output</h2>
<table class="wrapped">
  <colgroup>
    <col />
    <col />
    <col />
  </colgroup>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>Port name</th>
      <th>Port function</th>
      <th>Output value</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Port name"><span>X</span></td>
      <td label="Port function"><span>Checks the X position of an object then outputs the value. Measured in meters.</span></td>
      <td label="Output value"><span>Accepts any number</span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Port name"><span>Y</span></td>
      <td label="Port function"><span>Checks the Y position of an object then outputs the value. Measured in meters.</span></td>
      <td label="Output value"><span>Accepts any number</span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Port name"><span>Z</span></td>
      <td label="Port function"><span>Checks the Z position of an object then outputs the value. Measured in meters.</span></td>
      <td label="Output value"><span>Accepts any number</span></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<h2>Connection</h2>
<table class="wrapped">
  <colgroup>
    <col />
    <col />
  </colgroup>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>Port name</th>
      <th>Port function</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Port name"><span>Lower connection port</span></td>
      <td label="Port function">
        <p>This is a special type of port that physically links objects generated by Nodon on the game screen. Connect it to the upper connection port of another Nodon to link them.<br><br>When connected to this port, the object will be physically linked to the target object.<br><br>Measures the position of the center of the sensor itself, not the connected object.<br><br>Person Nodon, Car Nodon, UFO Nodon, Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, Rotating-Object Nodon, Head Nodon, and Hand Nodon can physically connect to this Nodon only with the upper connection port.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<h1>Settings</h1>
<h2>Sensor Shape</h2>
<p>Sets the shape.<br />You can choose from Box, Cylinder, or Sphere.</p>
<h2>Properties</h2>
<p>Sets the properties of objects.</p>
<p>Visible and Can Be Grabbed by Hand Nodon? can be enabled or disabled.<br />Solid, Movable, Destructive, and Destructible are always disabled.<br />Play Sound When Hit/Destroyed? is always set to Don't play.</p>
<p>See also: <a href="/nodopedia/tips/properties">About Properties</a></p>
<h2>Connection Point</h2>
<p>Sets how the objects physically connect to each other. A connection point is defined based on an object's face.</p>
<table class="wrapped">
  <colgroup>
    <col />
    <col />
  </colgroup>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>
        <p>Setting value</p>
      </th>
      <th>
        <p>Description</p>
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td label="Setting value"><span>Auto</span></td>
      <td label="Description"><span>Chooses the closest connection points of the objects automatically based on factors such as location, orientation, and size of the objects.</span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Setting value"><span>Manual</span></td>
      <td label="Description"><span>The objects will be joined by the faces set in the Own Connection Point and Target Connection Point options.</span></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<h2>Own Connection Point</h2>
<p>The face indicated on this object will join to the face indicated in the Target Connection Point option.<br />You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br />Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.</p>
<h2>Target Connection Point</h2>
<p>The face indicated on the target object will join to the face indicated in the Own Connection Point option.<br />You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br />Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.</p>
<h2>Frame of Reference</h2>
<p>Sets what the sensor should use as its frame of reference when performing operations.</p>
<table class="wrapped">
  <colgroup>
    <col />
    <col />
  </colgroup>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>
        <p>Setting value</p>
      </th>
      <th>
        <p>Description</p>
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td label="Setting value"><span>World</span></td>
      <td label="Description"><span>Outputs the position relative to the central point of the world, using the world's coordinate system.</span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Setting value"><span>Initial Position</span></td>
      <td label="Description"><span>Outputs the position relative to the starting position of the sensor, using the world's coordinate system.</span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Setting value"><span>Camera</span></td>
      <td label="Description"><span>Outputs the position relative to the camera, using the camera's coordinate system.</span></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<h2>Size</h2>
<p>Sets the size of an object.<br />When the object's shape is set to Box, you'll be able to set the X, Y, and Z<br />dimensions separately.<br />When the object's shape is set to Cylinder, the ratio between X and Z will be fixed, but their ratios to Y can be adjusted.<br />When the object's shape is set to Sphere, the ratio between X, Y, and Z will be fixed.<br /><br />X, Y, and Z can be set to between 0.10 and 10.00. Measured in meters.</p>
<h2>Position</h2>
<p>Determines the position of the object at the time of game start or after a reset.<br />X, Y, and Z can each be set to between -100.00 and 100.00.<br />Measured in meters.</p>
<h2>Rotation</h2>
<p>Sets the orientation of the object at game start or after a reset.<br />The X, Y, and Z axes can each be set between -180.00° and 180.00°.</p>