---
layout: entry
title:  "String-Connector Nodon"
category: object
order: 25
quote: String can bind two beings<br />together...friends or not! Tee-hee!
---
<h1>Port</h1>
<h2>Input</h2>
<p>None</p>
<h2>Output</h2>
<p>None</p>
<h2>Connection</h2>
<table class="wrapped">
  <colgroup>
    <col />
    <col />
  </colgroup>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>
        <p>Port name</p>
      </th>
      <th>
        <p>Port function</p>
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td label="Port name"><span>Upper connection port</span></td>
      <td label="Port function">
        <p>Connect this port to the lower connection port of another Nodon to physically link objects.<br>
        <br>The two objects, connected to the upper and lower connection ports, will be linked by a string.<br />You can only connect one object per port.<br>
        <br>Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, and Rotating-Object Nodon can connect to this connection port only with their lower connection ports.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td label="Port name"><span>Lower connection port</span></td>
      <td label="Port function">
        <p>This is a special type of port that physically links objects generated by Nodon on the game screen. Connect it to the upper connection port of another Nodon to link them.<br>
        <br>The two objects, connected to the upper and lower connection ports, will be linked by a string.<br />You can only connect one object per port.<br>
        <br>Person Nodon, Car Nodon, UFO Nodon, Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, and Rotating-Object Nodon can connect to this connection port only with the upper connection port.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<h1>Settings</h1>
<h2>Properties</h2>
<p>Sets the properties of objects.</p>
<p>Visible, Solid, Destructive, and Destructible can be enabled or disabled.<br />Movable is always enabled.<br />Play Sound When Hit/Destroyed? is always set to Don't play.<br />Can Be Grabbed by Hand Nodon? is always set to Can't be grabbed.</p>
<p>If Solid is disabled, the string itself won't be treated as solid, and the two objects attached to it at either end will be treated as being in separate groups, even though they belong to the same group. Usually, objects connected within the same group won't collide with each other, even when set to Solid. However, this case is an exception.</p>
<p>See also: <a href="/nodopedia/tips/properties">About Properties</a></p>
<h2>String Stiffness</h2>
<p>Sets the stiffness of the strings.<br />You can set it between 0.00 and 1.00.</p>
<h2>String Length</h2>
<p>Sets the length of the string.<br />You can set it between 0.10 and 10.00. Measured in meters.</p>
<h1>Other</h1>
<p>You can call up to eight String-Connector Nodon per game.</p>