---
title: Free-Slide-Connector Nodon
layout: nodopedia/entry
category: object
quote: Check the Nodopedia? You mean like read the<br>instructions? Pfff, no way! I do my own thing!
---

# Port
## Input
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th><th>Input operation</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>X</td><td>Sets how far away the object is placed along the x-axis relative to its original position, taking the input value from this port as the distance. Measured in meters.<br>Movement force will be applied to any objects connected to it, above or below.<br><br>If nothing is connected to this port, an input value of 0.00 will be assumed.</td><td>Signal passes through unchanged</td></tr><tr><td>Y</td><td>Sets how far away the object is placed along the y-axis relative to its original position, taking the input value from this port as the distance. Measured in meters.<br>Movement force will be applied to any objects connected to it, above or below.<br><br>If nothing is connected to this port, an input value of 0.00 will be assumed.</td><td>Signal passes through unchanged</td></tr><tr><td>Z</td><td>Sets how far away the object is placed along the z-axis relative to its original position, taking the input value from this port as the distance. Measured in meters.<br>Movement force will be applied to any objects connected to it, above or below.<br><br>If nothing is connected to this port, an input value of 0.00 will be assumed.</td><td>Signal passes through unchanged</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Output
None

## Connection
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Upper connection port</td><td>Connect this port to the lower connection port of another Nodon to physically link objects.<br>You can have both the upper and lower connected objects move along all three axes.<br>Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, and Rotating-Object Nodon can connect to this connection port only with their lower connection ports.</td></tr><tr><td>Lower connection port</td><td>This is a special type of port that physically links objects generated by Nodon on the game screen. Connect it to the upper connection port of another Nodon to link them.<br>You can have both the upper and lower connected objects move along all three axes.<br>Person Nodon, Car Nodon, UFO Nodon, Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, and Rotating-Object Nodon can connect to this connection port only with the upper connection port.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

# Settings
## Slide Motion Input
This property can be set individually for the X, Y, and Z ports.<br>
When set on, the value of the input determines the amount of parallel movement.<br>
When set off, the input will be ignored, and the object can be moved freely by an external force in parallel along that direction.<br>
There's no limit to the movement distance.

## Position
Determines the position of the object at the time of game start or after a reset.<br>
X, Y, and Z can each be set to between -100.00 and 100.00.<br>
Measured in meters.