---
title: Hinge-Connector Nodon
layout: nodopedia/entry
category: object
quote: Oh my! What a day for dancing...<br>Let's get some objects twirling and spinning!
---

# Port
## Input
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th><th>Input operation</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Rotation amount</td><td>The object will rotate by an angle according to the value of the input received.<br>Measured in degrees (°).<br>The rotational force will be applied to any objects connected to it, above<br>or below.<br><br>If nothing is connected to this port, the object's angle won't be fixed.</td><td>When Range is set to between -180.00 and 180.00: Loops between -180.00 and 180.00.<br><br>Other Range settings: Restricted to set range.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Output
None

## Connection
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Upper connection port</td><td>Connect this port to the lower connection port of another Nodon to physically link objects.<br>You can have both the upper and lower connected objects rotate around the same axis.<br>Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, and Rotating-Object Nodon can connect to this connection port only with their lower connection ports.</td></tr><tr><td>Lower connection port</td><td>This is a special type of port that physically links objects generated by Nodon on the game screen. Connect it to the upper connection port of another Nodon to link them.<br>You can have both the upper and lower connected objects rotate around the same axis.<br>Person Nodon, Car Nodon, UFO Nodon, Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, and Rotating-Object Nodon can connect to this connection port only with the upper connection port.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

# Settings
## Axis of Rotation
Sets the axis around which objects can rotate.<br>
You can choose from X, Y, or Z.

## Range
Sets the range that the object can rotate through. Measured in degrees (°).<br>
You can set the range between -180.00 and 180.00.

## Position
Determines the position of the object at the time of game start or after a reset.<br>
X, Y, and Z can each be set to between -100.00 and 100.00.<br>
Measured in meters.