---
title: Speed-Sensor Nodon
layout: nodopedia/entry
category: object
quote: I'm a speed demon!<br>Nyyyyeeeeeeoooowwww!
---

# Port
## Input
None

## Output
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th><th>Output value</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>X</td><td>Measures the sensor's movement speed along the x-axis and sends it as output.<br>Measured in meters per second.</td><td>Accepts any number</td></tr><tr><td>Y</td><td>Measures the sensor's movement speed along the y-axis and sends it as output.<br>Measured in meters per second.</td><td>Accepts any number</td></tr><tr><td>Z</td><td>Measures the sensor's movement speed along the z-axis and sends it as output.<br>Measured in meters per second.</td><td>Accepts any number</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Connection
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Lower connection port</td><td>This is a special type of port that physically links objects generated by Nodon on the game screen. Connect it to the upper connection port of another Nodon to link them.<br>When connected to this port, the object will be physically linked to the target object.<br>Measures the speed of the center of the sensor itself, not the connected object.<br>Person Nodon, Car Nodon, UFO Nodon, Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, Rotating-Object Nodon, Head Nodon, and Hand Nodon can physically connect to this Nodon only with the upper connection port.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

# Settings
## Sensor Shape
Sets the shape.<br>
You can choose from Box, Cylinder, or Sphere.

## Properties
Sets the properties of objects.

Visible and Can Be Grabbed by Hand Nodon? can be enabled or disabled.<br>
Solid, Movable, Destructive, and Destructible are always disabled.<br>
Play Sound When Hit/Destroyed? is always set to Don't play.<br>

See also: <a href="/gbg/nodopedia/tips/about-properties">About Properties</a>

## Connection Point
Sets how the objects physically connect to each other. A connection point is defined based on an object's face.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Auto</td><td>Chooses the closest connection points of the objects automatically based on factors such as location, orientation, and size of the objects.</td></tr><tr><td>Manual</td><td>The objects will be joined by the faces set in the Own Connection Point and Target Connection Point options.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Own Connection Point
The face indicated on this object will join to the face indicated in the Target Connection Point option.<br>
You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br>
Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.

## Target Connection Point
The face indicated on the target object will join to the face indicated in the Own Connection Point option.<br>
You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br>
Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.

## Frame of Reference
Sets what the sensor should use as its frame of reference when performing operations.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>World</td><td>Outputs the speed based on the world's coordinate system.</td></tr><tr><td>Local</td><td>Outputs the speed of the sensor itself, based on the sensor's own coordinate system.</td></tr><tr><td>Camera</td><td>Outputs the speed based on the camera's coordinate system.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Size
Sets the size of an object.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Box, you'll be able to set the X, Y, and Z dimensions separately.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Cylinder, the ratio between X and Z will be fixed, but their ratios to Y can be adjusted.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Sphere, the ratio between X, Y, and Z will be fixed.

X, Y, and Z can be set to between 0.10 and 10.00. Measured in meters.

## Position
Determines the position of the object at the time of game start or after a reset.<br>
X, Y, and Z can each be set to between -100.00 and 100.00.<br>
Measured in meters.

## Rotation
Sets the orientation of the object at game start or after a reset.<br>
The X, Y, and Z axes can each be set between -180.00° and 180.00°.