---
title: Touch-Sensor Nodon
layout: nodopedia/entry
category: object
quote: Meep! P-please don't open my page so suddenly!
---

# Port
## Input
None

# Output
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th><th>Output value</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Touching count</td><td>Outputs the number of objects touching<br>the sensor.</td><td>Accepts any number</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Connection
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Lower connection port</td><td>This is a special type of port that physically links objects generated by Nodon on the game screen. Connect it to the upper connection port of another Nodon to link them.<br>When connected to this port, the object will be physically linked to the target object.<br>Person Nodon, Car Nodon, UFO Nodon, Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, Rotating-Object Nodon, Head Nodon, and Hand Nodon can physically connect to this Nodon only with the upper connection port.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

# Settings
## Sensor Shape
Sets the shape.<br>
You can choose from Box, Cylinder, or Sphere.

## Properties
Sets the properties of objects.

Visible and Can Be Grabbed by Hand Nodon? can be enabled or disabled.<br>
Solid, Movable, Destructive, and Destructible are always disabled.<br>
Play Sound When Hit/Destroyed? is always set to Don't play.<br>

See also: <a href="/gbg/nodopedia/tips/about-properties">About Properties</a>

## Output Timing
Sets the timing for checking if objects are touching, and what kind of count is sent as output.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>On touch</td><td>Outputs the total whenever the checked objects touches the sensor or if the total changes.</td></tr><tr><td>While touched</td><td>Continuously outputs the number of checked objects in contact with the sensor, while the sensor is in contact with a checked object.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Connection Point
Sets how the objects physically connect to each other. A connection point is defined based on an object's face.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Auto</td><td>Chooses the closest connection points of the objects automatically based on factors such as location, orientation, and size of the objects.</td></tr><tr><td>Manual</td><td>The objects will be joined by the faces set in the Own Connection Point and Target Connection Point options.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Own Connection Point
The face indicated on this object will join to the face indicated in the Target Connection Point option.<br>
You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br>
Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.

## Target Connection Point
The face indicated on the target object will join to the face indicated in the Own Connection Point option.<br>
You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br>
Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.

## Check What?
Sets the type of objects that will be checked.<br>
You can enable multiple types.

If multiple object types are selected, the Nodon will check all of them and output the total number of objects touching the sensor.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>World</td><td>Checks the terrain indicated in the World Nodon's settings.</td></tr><tr><td>Box<br>Cylinder<br>Sphere</td><td>Checks objects with the specified shapes, whether they're simple objects, text objects, number objects, moving objects, or rotating objects.</td></tr><tr><td>Person<br>Car<br>UFO</td><td>Checks the types of characters specified.</td></tr><tr><td>Head/Hands</td><td>Checks along the Hand Nodon's hand line or the camera's line of sight, from the camera's position.<br>The line of sight is checked only when a Head Nodon is called, and the hand line is checked only when the Hand Nodon is called.</td></tr><tr><td>Crate<br>Shipping Container<br>Dice<br>Panel<br>Treasure Chest<br>Television<br>Joy-Con (R)<br>Joy-Con (L)<br>Soccer Ball<br>Golf Ball<br>Balloon<br>Apple<br>Turnip<br>Fish<br>Fluffball<br>Alien<br>Traveler<br>Cheerleader<br>Diver<br>Mermaid<br>Robot<br>Sorceress<br>Yeti<br>Sumo Wrestler<br>Hoop<br>Arrow<br>Rocket<br>Pencil<br>Tuna<br>Chick<br>Hippo<br>Bear</td><td>Checks fancy objects with the specified appearance.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Size
Sets the size of an object.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Box, you'll be able to set the X, Y, and Z dimensions separately.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Cylinder, the ratio between X and Z will be fixed, but their ratios to Y can be adjusted.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Sphere, the ratio between X, Y, and Z will be fixed.

X, Y, and Z can be set to between 0.10 and 10.00. Measured in meters.

## Position
Determines the position of the object at the time of game start or after a reset.<br>
X, Y, and Z can each be set to between -100.00 and 100.00.<br>
Measured in meters.

## Rotation
Sets the orientation of the object at game start or after a reset.<br>
The X, Y, and Z axes can each be set between -180.00° and 180.00°.