---
title: Extending-Object Nodon
layout: nodopedia/entry
category: object
quote: It's dead simple, boss.<br>Use me, and I can stretch out any object!
---

# Port
## Input
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th><th>Input operation</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>X</td><td>Stretches or contracts objects that extend along the x-axis, according to input received at this port.<br><br>An input of 0.00 will cause the object to remain at the size specified by the size value.<br>A positive input will cause the object to lengthen, but the lengthening is capped at 10 meters.<br>A minus input will cause the object contract as far as zero meters.<br><br>Measured in meters.</td><td>Restricted to between -10.00 and 10.00.</td></tr><tr><td>Y</td><td>Stretches or contracts objects that extend along the y-axis, according to input received at this port.<br><br>An input of 0.00 will cause the object to remain at the size specified by the size value.<br>A positive input will cause the object to lengthen, but the lengthening is capped at 10 meters.<br>A minus input will cause the object contract as far as zero meters.<br><br>Measured in meters.</td><td>Restricted to between -10.00 and 10.00.</td></tr><tr><td>Z</td><td>Stretches or contracts objects that extend along the z-axis, according to input received at this port.<br><br>An input of 0.00 will cause the object to remain at the size specified by the size value.<br>A positive input will cause the object to lengthen, but the lengthening is capped at 10 meters.<br>A minus input will cause the object contract as far as zero meters.<br><br>Measured in meters.</td><td>Restricted to between -10.00 and 10.00.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Output
None

## Connection
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Lower connection port</td><td>This is a special type of port that physically links objects generated by Nodon on the game screen. Connect it to the upper connection port of another Nodon to link them.<br>When connected to this port, the object will be physically linked to the target object.<br>Person Nodon, Car Nodon, UFO Nodon, Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, Rotating-Object Nodon, Head Nodon, and Hand Nodon can physically connect to this Nodon only with the upper connection port.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

# Settings
## Object Shape
Sets the shape.<br>
You can choose from Box, Cylinder, or Sphere.

## Properties
Sets the properties of objects.

Can Be Grabbed by Hand Nodon? can be enabled or disabled.<br>
Visible is always enabled.<br>
Solid, Movable, Destructive, and Destructible are always disabled.<br>
Play Sound When Hit/Destroyed? is always set to Don't play.

See also: <a href="/tools/nodopedia/tips/about-properties">About Properties</a>

## Color
Sets the color.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Blue<br>Red<br>Green<br>Yellow<br>Light blue<br>Pink<br>Lime green<br>Orange<br>Purple<br>Brown<br>White<br>Black</td><td>Changes the color as specified.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Connection Point
Sets how the objects physically connect to each other. A connection point is defined based on an object's face.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Auto</td><td>Chooses the closest connection points of the objects automatically based on factors such as location, orientation, and size of the objects.</td></tr><tr><td>Manual</td><td>The objects will be joined by the faces set in the Own Connection Point and Target Connection Point options.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Own Connection Point
The face indicated on this object will join to the face indicated in the Target Connection Point option.<br>
You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br>
Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.

## Target Connection Point
The face indicated on the target object will join to the face indicated in the Own Connection Point option.<br>
You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br>
Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.

## Size
Sets the size of an object.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Box, you'll be able to set the X, Y, and Z dimensions separately.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Cylinder, the ratio between X and Z will be fixed, but their ratios to Y can be adjusted.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Sphere, the ratio between X, Y, and Z will be fixed.

X, Y, and Z can be set to between 0.10 and 10.00. Measured in meters.

## Position
Determines the position of the object at the time of game start or after a reset.<br>
X, Y, and Z can each be set to between -100.00 and 100.00.<br>
Measured in meters.<br>
However, if Movable is enabled and the world's shape is set to Plane, Dome, Cuboid, or Cylinder, the Y value will be adjusted so that objects lower than Y: 0 aren't embedded into the ground.

## Rotation
Sets the orientation of the object at game start or after a reset.<br>
The X, Y, and Z axes can each be set between -180.00° and 180.00°.