---
title: Fancy-Object Nodon
layout: nodopedia/entry
category: object
quote: Those lovely fancy objects out there on the game screen are my doing. But you choose them though! ❤
---

# Port
## Input
None

## Output
None

## Connection
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Upper connection port</td><td>Connect this port to the lower connection port of another Nodon to physically link objects.<br><br>Connects to all lower connection ports.</td></tr><tr><td>Lower connection port</td><td>This is a special type of port that physically links objects generated by Nodon on the game screen. Connect it to the upper connection port of another Nodon to link them.<br><br>When connected to this port, the object will be physically linked to the target object.<br><br>Person Nodon, Car Nodon, UFO Nodon, Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, Rotating-Object Nodon, all connector Nodon, Head Nodon, and Hand Nodon can connect to this connection port only with their upper connection ports.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

# Settings
## Appearance
Set the appearance of the fancy object.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Crate<br>Shipping Container<br>Dice<br>Panel<br>Treasure Chest<br>Television<br>Joy-Con (R)<br>Joy-Con (L)</td><td>Since these are roughly cuboid objects, the collision detection box will be a cuboid.</td></tr><tr><td>Soccer Ball<br>Golf Ball<br>Balloon<br>Apple<br>Turnip<br>Fish<br>Fluffball<br>Alien</td><td>Since these are roughly spherical objects, the collision detection box will be a sphere.</td></tr><tr><td>Traveler<br>Cheerleader<br>Diver<br>Mermaid<br>Robot<br>Sorceress<br>Yeti<br>Sumo Wrestler</td><td>Since these are roughly cylindrical objects, the collision detection box will be a cylinder.</td></tr><tr><td>Hoop</td><td>Since these are ring-shaped objects, the collision detection will have a ring shape.</td></tr><tr><td>Arrow</td><td>Since these are roughly cuboid objects, the collision detection box will be a cuboid.</td></tr><tr><td>Rocket</td><td>Since these are roughly cylindrical objects, the collision detection box will be a cylinder.</td></tr><tr><td>Pencil</td><td>Since these are roughly cylindrical objects, the collision detection box will be a cylinder.</td></tr><tr><td>Tuna</td><td>Since these are roughly cuboid objects, the collision detection box will be a cuboid.</td></tr><tr><td>Chick</td><td>Since these are roughly spherical objects, the collision detection box will be a sphere.</td></tr><tr><td>Hippo</td><td>Since these are roughly cylindrical objects, the collision detection box will be a cylinder.</td></tr><tr><td>Bear</td><td>Since these are roughly cuboid objects, the collision detection box will be a cuboid.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Properties
Sets the properties of objects.

The following properties can be enabled or disabled: Visible, Solid, Movable, Destructive, Destructible, Play Sound When Hit/Destroyed?, or Can Be Grabbed by Hand Nodon?

See also: <a href="/tools/nodopedia/tips/about-properties">About Properties</a>

## Material
Sets the type of material.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Normal</td><td>The basic material for objects.</td></tr><tr><td>Bouncy</td><td>A rubberlike material. Bouncy and hard to slip on.</td></tr><tr><td>Slippery</td><td>An ice-like material with a slippery surface.</td></tr><tr><td>Floaty</td><td>A lighter-than-air, balloon-like material that floats upward.</td></tr><tr><td>Zero gravity</td><td>A strange material that neither falls nor floats upward!</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Connection Type
Sets the firmness of the connection to the target object.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Normal</td><td>Affixes firmly to the target object.</td></tr><tr><td>Springy</td><td>Sticks softly to the target object, as if linked by a spring.</td></tr><tr><td>180° Rotation</td><td>Moves freely around the target object, as if connected by a half-sphere.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Connection Point
Sets how the objects physically connect to each other. A connection point is defined based on an object's face.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Auto</td><td>Chooses the closest connection points of the objects automatically based on factors such as location, orientation, and size of the objects.</td></tr><tr><td>Manual</td><td>The objects will be joined by the faces set in the Own Connection Point and Target Connection Point options.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Own Connection Point
The face indicated on this object will join to the face indicated in the Target Connection Point option.<br>
You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br>
Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.

## Target Connection Point
The face indicated on the target object will join to the face indicated in the Own Connection Point option.<br>
You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br>
Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.

## Size
Sets the size of an object.<br>
The ratios between X, Y, and Z are fixed.<br>
You can only set a size of between 0.10 and 10.00 that the X, Y, and Z dimensions will fit into.

## Position
Determines the position of the object at the time of game start or after a reset.<br>
X, Y, and Z can each be set to between -100.00 and 100.00.<br>
Measured in meters.<br>
However, if Movable is enabled and the world's shape is set to Plane, Dome, Cuboid, or Cylinder, the Y value will be adjusted so that objects lower than Y: 0 aren't embedded into the ground.

## Rotation
Sets the orientation of the object at game start or after a reset.<br>
The X, Y, and Z axes can each be set between -180.00° and 180.00°.

# Other
You can call up to 32 Fancy-Object Nodon per game.