---
title: Launch-Object Nodon
layout: nodopedia/entry
category: object
quote: Ready for the BLAM?! The POW?!<br>Objects awaaaaaaaay!
---

# Port
## Input
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th><th>Input operation</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Launch</td><td>When a value other than 0.00 is received at this port, objects will be launched.<br>Objects won't launch faster than the launch interval. If input is received again before the launch interval has passed, it will be ignored.<br><br>If nothing is connected to this port, a constant input value of 1.00 will be assumed.</td><td>Determines whether a signal is or is not equal to 0.00</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Output
None

## Connection
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Upper connection port</td><td>Connect this port to the lower connection port of another Nodon to physically link objects.<br>This connection port can only connect to the Texture Nodon's lower connection port.</td></tr><tr><td>Lower connection port</td><td>This is a special type of port that physically links objects generated by Nodon on the game screen. Connect it to the upper connection port of another Nodon to link them.<br>When connected to an object, it will launch objects from the connected object.<br>Person Nodon, Car Nodon, UFO Nodon, Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, and Rotating-Object Nodon can connect to this connection port only with the upper connection port.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

# Settings
## Object Shape
Sets the shape of the object to be launched.<br>
You can choose from Cuboid, Cylinder, or Sphere.

## Properties
Sets the properties of the object to be launched.

The following properties can be enabled or disabled: Visible, Solid, Movable, Destructive, Destructible, Play Sound When Hit/Destroyed?, or Can Be Grabbed by Hand Nodon?

See also: <a href="/tools/nodopedia/tips/about-properties">About Properties</a>

## Color
Sets the color of the object to be launched.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Auto</td><td>The color will be applied automatically, depending on the properties.<br><br>See also: <a href="/tools/nodopedia/tips/when-color-is-set-to-auto">When Color Is Set to Auto</a></td></tr><tr><td>Blue<br>Red<br>Green<br>Yellow<br>Light blue<br>Pink<br>Lime green<br>Orange<br>Purple<br>Brown<br>White<br>Black</td><td>Changes the color as specified.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Material
Sets the material of the object to be launched.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Normal</td><td>The basic material for objects.</td></tr><tr><td>Bouncy</td><td>A rubberlike material. Bouncy and hard to slip on.</td></tr><tr><td>Slippery</td><td>An ice-like material with a slippery surface.</td></tr><tr><td>Floaty</td><td>A lighter-than-air, balloon-like material that floats upward.</td></tr><tr><td>Zero gravity</td><td>A strange material that neither falls nor floats upward!</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Connection Point
Sets how the connection point of the launch origin will be determined.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Auto</td><td>Chooses the closest connection points of the objects automatically based on factors such as location, orientation, and size of the objects.</td></tr><tr><td>Manual</td><td>The objects will be joined by the faces set in the Own Connection Point and Target Connection Point options.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Own Connection Point
The indicated face on the launch origin will connect to the target object's connection point.<br>
You can choose from X+, Y+, Z+, X-, Y-, Z-, or Center.<br>
Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.

## Target Connection Point
The face indicated on the target object will join to the face indicated in the Own Connection Point option.<br>
You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br>
Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.

## Launch Direction
Sets the direction that the objects will launch in.<br>
You can choose from X+, Y+, Z+, X-, Y-, or Z-.

## Launch Speed
Sets the initial velocity of the launched object.<br>
You can choose between 0.00 and 100.00. Measured in meters per second.

## Launch Interval (seconds)
Sets the minimum amount of time in between individual object launches.<br>
Measured in seconds. Can be set to between 0.10 and 100.00.

## Size
Sets the size of the object to be launched.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Box, you'll be able to set the X, Y, and Z dimensions separately.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Cylinder, the ratio between X and Z will be fixed, but their ratios to Y can be adjusted.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Sphere, the ratio between X, Y, and Z will be fixed.

X, Y, and Z can be set to between 0.10 and 10.00. Measured in meters.

## Position
Sets the position of the launch origin when the game is initialized or reset.<br>
X, Y, and Z can each be set to between -100.00 and 100.00.<br>
Measured in meters.

## Rotation
Sets the direction of the launch origin when the game is initialized or reset.<br>
The X, Y, and Z axes can each be set to between -180.00° and 180.00°.

# Other
When the Launch-Object Nodon is embedded into an object-generating Nodon, the object and the launched objects won't be able to collide until after they've separated completely for the first time.

## Three Types of Launch-Object Nodon
Launch-Object Nodon can be divided into three different types depending on the limit on the number of objects they can have launched at once.<br>
The launch limits are as follows:<br>
・Launch-Object Nodon (1 object) can launch 1 object per Nodon.<br>
・Launch-Object Nodon (10 objects) can launch 10 objects per Nodon.<br>
・Launch-Object Nodon (100 objects) can launch 100 objects per Nodon.<br>
When an object is launched that exceeds the limit, the oldest launched object will be deleted.

## Call Limit
You can call up to a certain number of Launch-Object Nodon per game. The upper limit varies depending on how many objects they can launch:<br>
・64 Launch-Object Nodon (1 object)<br>
・16 Launch-Object Nodon (10 objects)<br>
・2 Launch-Object Nodon (100 objects)

### Special Costs
All object-generating Nodon impose a "cost," and the cost limit per game is 512.<br>
Note that this cost is separate from the overall 512 Nodon limit.<br>
Object-related Nodon other than the Launch-Object Nodon have a cost of 1.<br>
Launch-Object Nodon costs are calculated differently, as shown below.

・Launch-Object Nodon (1 object) impose a cost of 3 per Nodon.<br>
・Launch-Object Nodon (10 objects) impose a cost of 12 per Nodon.<br>
・Launch-Object Nodon (100 objects) impose a cost of 102 per Nodon.