---
title: Rotating-Object Nodon
layout: nodopedia/entry
category: object
quote: Tralalaaa!<br>Prepare for the most delightfully pleasant rotations of your life!
---

# Port
## Input
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th><th>Input operation</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>X-axis</td><td>Rotates the object around the x-axis, according to the input value received at this port.<br>Negative values will rotate counterclockwise and positive values clockwise, as viewed from a positive point on the axis looking back toward the origin.<br>Rotational force is applied so that the object turns at the speed of the input value. Measured in rotations per second.</td><td>Restricted to between -16.00 and 16.00.</td></tr><tr><td>Y-axis</td><td>Rotates the object around the y-axis, according to the input value received at this port.<br>Negative values will rotate counterclockwise and positive values clockwise, as viewed from a positive point on the axis looking back toward the origin.<br>Rotational force is applied so that the object turns at the speed of the input value. Measured in rotations per second.</td><td>Restricted to between -16.00 and 16.00.</td></tr><tr><td>Z-axis</td><td>Rotates the object around the z-axis, according to the input value received at this port.<br>Negative values will rotate counterclockwise and positive values clockwise, as viewed from a positive point on the axis looking back toward the origin.<br>Rotational force is applied so that the object turns at the speed of the input value. Measured in rotations per second.</td><td>Restricted to between -16.00 and 16.00.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Output
None

## Connection
<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Port name</th><th>Port function</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Upper connection port</td><td>Connect this port to the lower connection port of another Nodon to physically link objects.<br><br>Connects to all lower connection ports.</td></tr><tr><td>Lower connection port</td><td>This is a special type of port that physically links objects generated by Nodon on the game screen. Connect it to the upper connection port of another Nodon to link them.<br><br>When connected to this port, the object will be physically linked to the target object.<br><br>Person Nodon, Car Nodon, UFO Nodon, Object Nodon, Fancy-Object Nodon, Text-Object Nodon, Number-Object Nodon, Moving-Object Nodon, Rotating-Object Nodon, all connector Nodon, Head Nodon, and Hand Nodon can connect to this connection port only with their upper connection ports.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

# Settings
## Object Shape
Sets the shape.<br>
You can choose from Box, Cylinder, or Sphere.

## Properties
Sets the properties of objects.

The following properties can be enabled or disabled: Visible, Solid, Movable, Destructive, Destructible, Play Sound When Hit/Destroyed?, or Can Be Grabbed by Hand Nodon?

See also: <a href="/tools/nodopedia/tips/about-properties">About Properties</a>

## Color
Sets the color.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Auto</td><td>The color will be applied automatically, depending on the properties.<br><br>See also: <a href="/tools/nodopedia/tips/when-color-is-set-to-auto">When Color Is Set to Auto</a></td></tr><tr><td>Blue<br>Red<br>Green<br>Yellow<br>Light blue<br>Pink<br>Lime green<br>Orange<br>Purple<br>Brown<br>White<br>Black</td><td>Changes the color as specified.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Material
Sets the type of material.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Normal</td><td>The basic material for objects.</td></tr><tr><td>Bouncy</td><td>A rubberlike material. Bouncy and hard to slip on.</td></tr><tr><td>Slippery</td><td>An ice-like material with a slippery surface.</td></tr><tr><td>Floaty</td><td>A lighter-than-air, balloon-like material that floats upward.</td></tr><tr><td>Zero gravity</td><td>A strange material that neither falls nor floats upward!</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Connection Type
Sets the firmness of the connection to the target object.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Normal</td><td>Affixes firmly to the target object.</td></tr><tr><td>Springy</td><td>Sticks softly to the target object, as if linked by a spring.</td></tr><tr><td>180° Rotation</td><td>Moves freely around the target object, as if connected by a half-sphere.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Connection Point
Sets how the objects physically connect to each other. A connection point is defined based on an object's face.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Auto</td><td>Chooses the closest connection points of the objects automatically based on factors such as location, orientation, and size of the objects.</td></tr><tr><td>Manual</td><td>The objects will be joined by the faces set in the Own Connection Point and Target Connection Point options.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Own Connection Point
The face indicated on this object will join to the face indicated in the Target Connection Point option.<br>
You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br>
Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.

## Target Connection Point
The face indicated on the target object will join to the face indicated in the Own Connection Point option.<br>
You can choose from Center, X-, X+, Y-, Y+, Z-, or Z+.<br>
Only effective when Connection Point is set to Manual.

## Frame of Reference for Rotation
Sets which rules an object will base its rotation on.

<div class="table-wrapper"><table><thead><tr><th>Setting value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>World</td><td>Rotates the object based on an axis in the world's coordinate system.<br>The world's coordinate system is based on the world's directionality, regardless of the directionality of the camera or the object itself.</td></tr><tr><td>Local</td><td>Rotates the object based on an axis in the local coordinate system.<br>The local coordinate system is based on the directionality of the object itself.</td></tr><tr><td>Camera</td><td>Rotates the object based on an axis in the camera's coordinate system.<br>The camera's coordinate system is based on the directionality of the camera's viewpoint.</td></tr></tbody></table></div>

## Size
Sets the size of an object.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Box, you'll be able to set the X, Y, and Z dimensions separately.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Cylinder, the ratio between X and Z will be fixed, but their ratios to Y can be adjusted.<br>
When the object's shape is set to Sphere, the ratio between X, Y, and Z will be fixed.

X, Y, and Z can be set to between 0.10 and 10.00. Measured in meters.

## Position
Determines the position of the object at the time of game start or after a reset.<br>
X, Y, and Z can each be set to between -100.00 and 100.00.<br>
Measured in meters.<br>
However, if Movable is enabled and the world's shape is set to Plane, Dome, Cuboid, or Cylinder, the Y value will be adjusted so that objects lower than Y: 0 aren't embedded into the ground.

## Rotation
Sets the orientation of the object at game start or after a reset.<br>
The X, Y, and Z axes can each be set between -180.00° and 180.00°.